# classCentralClone
Behold, a challenge presented itself in the guise of an interview. The task at hand was to deploy the software HTTrack to replicate a site, followed by implementing the mighty Google Translate API to transmute the html files into Hindi, with the end result being the hardcoding of Hindi into the very fabric of the html files. Lo and behold, a solution emerged in the form of the translate library in Python, which was ingeniously fashioned through the reverse engineering of the Google Translate API.

Firstly, a trove of vital imports were summoned, after which a function was crafted to translate any string into Hindi, courtesy of the aforementioned library. Then came the creation of a recursive function that delved into the heart of the directory, plucking out any and all .html files and assembling them into a single array.

Enter the HTMLParser library, designed with the very purpose of dissecting html files, line by line, tag by tag. Within each tag lay text, which was deftly translated to Hindi through the function birthed earlier in the code. A temporary replica of the html file, but in Hindi, was then produced. Last but not least, the original html file was effortlessly replaced by its Hindi counterpart.

Behold the results - a pristine copy of the homepage of https://www.classcentral.com/, now aglow with the exquisite beauty of Hindi. However, the code is not without its flaws. Numerous tags, such as anchor tags, have been neglected, bearing in mind that they may contain text that warrants translation. A project of this caliber is far from finished, but once it is complete, the possibilities are endless. It shall be capable of transmuting any kind of file into any language, transcending the boundaries of mere html files. Do keep in mind that at present, the code can only accommodate html files.
